Today you have many ways to manage your files with the cloud.
Some services let you sync files so you have access from all your devices.
Others let you share files.
And still more let you work together online.
But now there's one that lets you do it all.
Welcome to Microsoft SkyDrive.
Meet Stephen.
He's a food blogger and SkyDrive user.
Stephen has just ordered the best pizza he's ever had.
He uses his phone to snap pictures and jot down notes
while he happily munches away.
After he's done he grabs a coffee nearby to write his review.
When he opens his laptop
his photos and notes are automatically synced so he can jump right in.
He even remembers a picture he took in Italy that would be perfect for the story.
He knows it's not in his SkyDrive
but he can still fetch it from his PC at home.
Stephen finishes a draft
and shares it with his friends.
They make comments
and he wraps up the story and posts it for the world to see.
With SkyDrive Stephen can always find his files when he needs them.
If only it were that easy to find great pizza.
Microsoft SkyDrive.
Now you can access files from anywhere
share them with others
work together online
and even fetch things from your PC at home.